#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
aniso8601==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via wagtail
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via wagtail
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via django-helusers
celery==5.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   milksnake
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.2.3
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==40.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-core
dal-admin-filters==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via django-import-export
django==3.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-numeric-filter
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-modeltrans
    #   django-parler
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-redis
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   graphene-django
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-grapple
    #   wagtail-localize
    #   wagtailfontawesome
django-admin-numeric-filter==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-admin-ordering==0.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-anymail[mailgun,sendgrid]==9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-image-cropping
django-autocomplete-light==3.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dal-admin-filters
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ckeditor==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
django-helusers==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-image-cropping==1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via
    #   django-admin-ordering
    #   django-ckeditor
django-modelcluster==6.0
    # via wagtail
django-modeltrans @ git+https://github.com/kausaltech/django-modeltrans.git
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via wagtail
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-reversion==5.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==3.1.0
    # via wagtail
django-treebeard==4.7
    # via wagtail
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   wagtail
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.26.2
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via python-jose
elasticsearch==7.17.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via pytest
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   wagtail-factories
faker==18.5.1
    # via factory-boy
graphene==2.1.9
    # via graphene-django
graphene-django==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-grapple
graphene-django-optimizer==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
    #   wagtail-grapple
graphql-relay==2.0.1
    # via graphene
html5lib==1.1
    # via wagtail
humanize==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pytest-factoryboy
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreschema
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via drf-spectacular
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
libvoikko==4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
milksnake==0.1.5
    # via rustface
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via tablib
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   wagtail
plotly==5.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
polib==1.2.0
    # via wagtail-localize
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   pygments-graphql
    #   rich
pygments-graphql==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via social-auth-core
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.3.1
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-factoryboy
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-helusers
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   djangorestframework
    #   l18n
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   tablib
redis==4.5.4
    # via django-redis
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-helusers
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-generic-chooser
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via social-auth-core
rich==13.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
rustface==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rx==1.6.3
    # via graphql-core
sentry-sdk==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
singledispatch==4.0.0
    # via graphene-django
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   ecdsa
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   html5lib
    #   l18n
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.4.2
    # via social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.4.0
    # via
    #   django-import-export
    #   wagtail
telepath==0.3
    # via wagtail
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   django-countries
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   wagtail-localize
tzdata==2023.3
    # via -r requirements.in
unidecode==1.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene-django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wagtail==4.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-autocomplete
    #   wagtail-factories
    #   wagtail-grapple
    #   wagtail-headless-preview
    #   wagtail-localize
    #   wagtail-orderable
    #   wagtailfontawesome
    #   wagtailgeowidget
wagtail-admin-list-controls==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-autocomplete==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-condensedinlinepanel==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-factories==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-generic-chooser==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtailsvg
wagtail-grapple==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-headless-preview==0.5.0
    # via wagtail-grapple
wagtail-localize==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-orderable==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailfontawesome==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailgeowidget==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailsvg==0.0.36
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
willow==1.4.1
    # via wagtail
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlsxwriter==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
